the three-day comic-con festival of
comics graphic novels and video games in
new york city for the first time
bringing both the expected and the
unexpected to Gotham I've been working
on it for three years now but if you
just put it together it would probably
take like all a couple weeks of doing
this stuff um sadly no girlfriend right
now did um my wife refused to come she
said she'll accept it in the house she
will not be seen in public with me so
this is why I'm wearing one glove
because I had to cover the fact that I'm
married and and and hide the fact that
my wife is um at home sleeping soundly
and laughing her herself hysterically
about about my my juvenile tendencies
I'm from Toronto Canada it took a little
more than a year together I'm measuring
a lot of time
so you don't think it's weird for
Canadian to be kept in America no I
think we could actually expand this
market by it I'm Canadian isms to it
with the maple leaf Bravo key cutter
girl girl-power pop superhero we're
bringing comics from the page to the
stage
everybody has an inner superhero
your child on be happy for you but you
do not dig
enough you have an inner superhero stop
what you're doing look within yourself
you have the power
and I have the power
my name is Gloria Steinem I'm a writer
lecturer activist and have been a part
of the women's movement for a lot of
years but probably what helped me was
that I grew up on wonder woman who was
the only comic book character of my era
who was not just a kind of sidekick to
the guys caregiver is a person who
understands and as a super hero rescues
caregivers in trouble and is her crusade
is to try to value caregiving in society
economically because it's forty percent
of the work in the country and it's not
it's invisible you know I haven't been
walking around here very much but I love
the atmosphere because it's an
atmosphere of possibilities and
imagination